# Lao ASR

Improve the SOTA in Lao ASR and S2TT.

## Current state
Testing MVP iPhone app

## Usage

Benchmark different ASR and S2TT providers
```bash
python benchmark.py --provider={provider_name} --model_task={model_task} --device={device}
```

## Benchmark findings

I evaluated Whisper-v3-large, SeamlessStreaming and SeamlessM4T-v2-large on Lao speech to text translation and found that SeamlessM4T-v2-large is significantly better on understandability and fluency.

This is an example output from SeamlessM4T-v2-large:

```
Best prediction with 10-30s audio chunk splits along silences (total file length 1.5min)

Hello, my name is Mary. I was born in the village of Kankang in the province of Sidoun. I am married to a man of nineteen hundred and fifty-eight. I have eight children. There are six of us, two in Laos, four in the United States, and I thank God that he sent me and my son to a comfortable place. From the hardships of the world, to the joys of the world, to the joys of the world, to the joys of the world, to the joys of the world.
Come to my mother's house, she's fine, she's eating, she's eating, she's home, she's got a place to live. With the grace of God, he brought me here.The United States of America is a country that everyone wants to come to because it's the best place in the world. The U.S. government has taken care of the refugees who have come to live in our country. They take care of everything, young and old, everything is comfortable, and God has given them refuge in the best place in the world, the United States. Thank God for everything that has helped his people, all who have come to live in America, thank God for the Father.

Ground Truth
Hello, my name is Maly I was born in Laos	, Ban Khantherng, Pakse city, Sedong province. I got married in 1958. I have 8 children, 2 died, still have 6 remaining, 2 live in Laos, 4 live in the US. Firstly I want to thank God for blessing us with having a good life, bringing us comfort and preventing us from living in poverty. Living in the US is really comfortable, we have food on our plates and roof over our head. All of this is because of God’s blessing. Everyone wants to come to the US because it is the best place to live because the US government takes care of refugees, they take care of everything from food to accommodation because of God’s blessing we get to live in a blissful place on Earth. I thank God for everything for helping Lao people that seek refuge to the US and I thank Mother and Father.
```

Interestingly I found that how we split of the audio is incredibly important both because of GPU mem restrictions but also for output quality. It seems that SM4T might be sensitive to audio length or certain artefacts in some of the chunks. Generally speaking, I saw better translation performance at the start of files than the end and on shorter segments.

I also calculated quantitative BLEU metrics for the different providers where Whisper-v3-large wins out but a qualitative look at the results shows Whisper performs significantly worse semantically.

## Streaming an async model findings

Here I'm testing to see if we can stream audio chunks with and without overlap into a bidirectional model as if it was in a streaming setting. I'm using the SeamlessM4T-v2-large model for this test.

I found that translation model performance degrades significantly with less audio context and hallucinations increase with increased overlap in the chunks. Model performance becomes more stable with 5s audio chunks (no overlap) and is still quite good with 2.5s audio chunks (no overlap).

Perhaps as an initial MVP we can just deploy async model with 5s audio chunks and no overlap to get something out there.

Partial transcriptions are too rubbish to consider for a streaming setting. We'd likely have to produce another model.

Raw data
```
# Ground truth
# Hello, my name is Maly I was born in Laos	, Ban Khantherng, Pakse city, Sedong province. I got married in 1958. I have 8 children, 2 died, still have 6 remaining, 2 live in Laos, 4 live in the US. Firstly I want to thank God for blessing us with having a good life, bringing us comfort and preventing us from living in poverty. Living in the US is really comfortable, we have food on our plates and roof over our head. All of this is because of God’s blessing. Everyone wants to come to the US because it is the best place to live because the US government takes care of refugees, they take care of everything from food to accommodation because of God’s blessing we get to live in a blissful place on Earth. I thank God for everything for helping Lao people that seek refuge to the US and I thank Mother and Father.

# 500ms
# The first one. I'm going to go with you. It's okay. The first one. The food. I'm going. It's a good thing I'm not. It's delicious. It's okay. The first one. The first one. Brother You're the one who's going to die. It's written. I'm going to do it. The first one. I'm going to do it. The first step. The city. The first one. And then... The first one. It's okay. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. The first one. The first one. The first one. Oh, my God. It's not. The captain. What happens? I'm going to do it. The whole thing. It's... The first one. It's not. We are I'm going to do it. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. This is Lu. The first one. It's a good thing. It's a lot of people. The first one. It's a big one. I'm going to go. The first one. The first one. The one. It's a good one. Everyone, please. Including you. In every country. It's okay. The divorce. You got it. I'm not. I'm not. The first one. First of all, I'm going to take a look at this. What's up? Thank you. I'm going home. I'm going to do it. That God I'm not going to do it. It's a good thing. I'll eat. It's a little bit of a hassle. I'm not a ball. We have two minutes. It's gone. The first one. The first one. Oh, my God! The right place. It's hard. It's all hard. No, not me. I don't care about that. Good morning to you. It's a little. The more The Great Wall I'm going to I'm going to take a look at this. It's a good thing. The first one. My name is of the car. I'm not going to lie to you. Oh, my God. It's a... The first one. Oh, my God. Eat it of who? It's a good thing. The great work. I'm not going to do it. I'm not. It's all the same. I'm going to do it. It's a good one. I'm going to do it. Both of them. I'm going to put it in the fridge. It's more relaxed. The water is flowing. The first one. But It's going well. I was with him. You I'm going to do it. I'm going to go. Everyone, please. The palace. and Boney. It's a little bit of a stretch. You! The first one? The first one. It's a car. Good afternoon. I'm not. The one we have. It's the price. It's not. It's like salt. I'm not going to lie to you. It's a lie. It's a lot. It's not like I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to take a look at this. I'm going to do it. It's bad. I'm not going to. It's a good thing. I'm not going to do that. I'm going to make friends. It's all right. It's a little bit of a stretch. He's the one who's gonna take it. What's up? I'm going to do it. I'm going to the bathroom. I'm not going to lie to you. It's not. Everything is real. I'm going to give it to you. I'm not sure what you mean. It's good. The cow. He's going to get married. I'm going to do it. I'm not going to lie to you. water People of the world. The train. I'm going to tell you. You're not going to be able to do that. You're the one who's going to die. He's got a lot of money. The sound of the trumpet. It's good. I'm going to do it. How does it feel? It's a The first one. I'm going to take a look at this. It's a problem. What's going on? Cooking I'm going to... What's the matter? With meat. I'm going to go. No, not at all. You know what? The call. Don't worry about it. What's the matter? It's a good thing. That's it. That one. The first one. The first one. It's not like that. It's called a "pickle." The one with the hair. It's a good thing.

# 1000ms
# Good morning to you. Hey, you. I did. in the I'm going back. [Singing] I was born in a country I hate it. I'm going to put it in a bowl. The first step is to... I'm going to put it in a bowl. We can talk. I'm going to do it. The first one. I'm going to put a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. This is my leg. What's the wedding? One hundred and eighty. I'm going to do it. It hurts, right? The first one. The first one. It's called "Milu". I'm going to do it. and the people The Great Wall The first one. But it's hard. Two people. to Laos. There are four people in the United States. This is... First of all, which I am Thank God. The one who is God. You have to take it. I'll give you a little bit. I'm not saying that. I'm going to go. Oh, my God. It's not right. It's not easy. It's a fun and comfortable place. Because of the increase in I'm going to take a look at it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take a look at it. I'm going to take a shower. It's still there. I'm going to do it. He ate it. Food and drinks. I'm going to eat at home. There's a place for both of us. I'm going to put I'm going to take a look at it. You send the water. I'm going to take a look at it. for 1 year I'm going to give you I'm going to kill everyone. Because it's a place You, you. That's it. Government officials. In your situation. I'm going to do it. I'm going to take care of the salt. And then, The refugee. I'm going to eat. I'm going to use a popper. We should raise them. I'm going to do everything. or a friend. I'm not going to say it's a bad thing. I'm going to do it. I'm going to take a shower. I'm going to work. Because he's confused. I'm going to send you a message. I'm going to open the door. It's a lot of work. I remember where I was. He's the one who brought the case. The clothes are country. - To look like... I'm going to put it in a bowl. Thank God. Everything and everything. That helps. I'm going to say... All of you. It's a little rough. I'm going to take a shower. That one. I'm going to put it in a bowl. I'm going to be called "Pazilla". It's a good thing.

# 2500m
# Hi, my name is... Your name is Marie. I was born in Laos. The village of Kankeng. I'm going to put my hands on my mouth. I'm going to put it in a little bit of a bowl, and I'm going to put it in a little bit of a bowl, and I'm going to put it in a little bit of a bowl. I'm married to a millionaire. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. The first thing I did was to make a little bit of a noise. I have a son, but he's a teenager. The second son. Six, two in Laos. There are people in the United States. First of all, I thank God. God sent me to take them. I'm not comfortable. Get out of poverty, get out of poverty, get out of poverty. I'm going to put it in a place that's comfortable. I'll bring my eyes. Come to my mother's house. Everything is fine. He ate it. The restaurant in the village has a place. I'm going to live with the grace of God. I'm going to bring you to the United States. I'm here to see who wants to come. It's the best place. The U.S. government is brave. I've been raising chickens. The refugees came to live in the country. We're raising all kinds of cattle. "Au Pen Kabeng" is a shortened form of "Num Pen Kabeng". Everything is comfortable. Because of God's mercy. The refugees are here. The most beautiful country is the United States. Thank God for all of you. Everything that helps. He's the one who brought everyone here. I'm not going to be able to wear this shoe. Thank God for the Father.

# 5000ms
# Hi, my name is Mary. Born in Laos, village in the city of Khanggeong. I'm going to put it in a little bit of a bowl, and I'm going to put it in a little bit of a bowl, and I'm going to put it in a little bit of a bowl. I got married in 1958. There are eight children. Two of the six are still in Laos. Four people in the United States, first of all, thank God. God has brought them and their children to a comfortable place. From the hardships, the difficulties, the hardships, to the comfort of the comfort of the comfort of the comfort of the comfort of the comfort of the comfort of the comfort. My mother's eyes will take you to America. Everything is fine. They ate the food, the house, the house, the house, the house. I am grateful to God for bringing me to America. Everyone wants to come here because it's the best place. The US government has taken care of him. The refugees came to live in the forest, they raised everything. He looked at the young man, he looked at everything, everything was comfortable. Thank God for the grace of God to the refugees in the city. The most beautiful country in the world is the United States of America. Thank God. Everything that helps his people, everyone who comes to him. Living in the United States, thank God for the Father.

# 10000ms
# Hello, my name is Mary. I was born in Laos. I am married to a thousand nine hundred and fifty-eight. There are eight children, two sons, six children, two children in Laos. Four years ago, I thanked God for bringing me and my family to a place of comfort. From the hardships, the difficulties, the hardships, to the pleasures, to the mercy of the Lord, to the mercy of the Lord, to the mercy of the Lord, to the mercy of the Lord. They ate the food, the food, the house, the house, the house, the house, the house, the house, the house, the house, the house, the house, the house, the house. Everyone wants to come because it's the best place for the U.S. government to take care of the poor. The refugees who came to live with us, they took care of everything, they took care of the elderly, they took care of the young, they took care of everything, they were comfortable. Thank God for the refugees and the best places to live in the United States of America. All the things that helped him, all the people who came to live in America, thank God.

# 500ms overlap 200ms
# The first one. It's good. It's gone. I'm sorry. What's up? The first one. The cup. I'm sorry about that. What's up? Oh, yeah. It's a good thing It's... I'm going to do it. It's a good thing. It's good. It's okay. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. Brother I'm going to die. There's a lot of it. It's all right. I'm not. I'm going to do it. The first one. The first one. I'm going to put it in a bowl. The night. The first step. I'm not going to do it. The city. It's not. The first one. And then... and The paté. That's one. It's a place. I'm going to do it. It's the first. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. I'm going to do it. Oh, not at all. It's not. I'm going to eat. The coffee. What else is there? I'm going to take a look at this. I'm going to do it. I hope so. It's not hot. I'm not going to. I'm not going to do it. The first one. I'm going to do it. It's the ocean. It's a little bit. I'm not going to do it. I'm going to do it. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. It's not. This is Lu. I'm going to... The first one. It's a little bit of a stretch. But It's a lot of people. It's... The first one is the one that's been in the news lately. It's a good thing. I got it. I'm going to go. I'm going to... The first one. The first one. The first one. The one. It's still good. It's a good thing. It's a little cold. It's really bad. Including you. I'm not going to do it. The country of Laos. It's cold. The first one. The divorce. I'm not sure what to do. It's more than that. I'm not going to talk about it. I'm going to take a look at this. I'm not. The first one. The first one. Before It's a good thing. I'm going to take a look at this. The carpet. What's the matter? Thank you. Thank you, sir. I'm going home. It's not me. I'm going to do it. The one who is I'm going to go. I'm not going to do it. I'm not afraid of you. I'm going to take it. I don't know. They're getting on. It's a little bit of a hassle. It's not. And the ball. It's time. That's it. It's gone. It's... The first one. The first one. Oh, my God. Oh, my God! From the top. on all the boards. It's not a big deal. It's hard to say. It's all hard. I'm going to do it. I'm not here. I'm going to take a look at this. I'm not going to do that. Good morning to you. I'm going to take a look at this. I'm going to do it. The more you eat, the better. It's like that. The Great Wall The light bulb. What's the phone? I'm going to do it. It's my mom. It's a good thing. The first one. I'm going to do it. I'm not. I'm going to take a look at this. of the car. It's morning. The Balto. It's all right. It's a good thing. It's a... The first one. The first one. I'm going to do it. Oh, my God. Eat it I'm going to do it. But It's a good thing. I'm not. The great work. I'm not going to do that. Today is the day. The human body. I'm going to take a look at this. It's all the same. I'm in the middle of it. I'm going to do it. It's all right. I'm not. I'm going to do it. The team I'm with him. He's confused I'm going to do it. It's more relaxed. I'm going to take a look at it. I'm scared. What about you? The first one. But It's a shirt. It's a salad. In the night It's not. You It's not. I'm going to go. I want to. I'm not going to lie to you. Everyone, please. Because... It's a power. It's a place. Which one? It's a little bit of a stretch. I'm going to do it. What are you doing? It's okay. I'm not The first one. I'm going to put it in a bowl. I'm going to take a look at it. The government. It's a good thing. I'm not. I said... The people of the world. The cover. It's a good thing. It's not. The day before. It's like salt. What's this? I'm not sure what you mean. It's a lie. The first one. It was. I was... I'm not going to say that. I'm going to take a look at this. I'm going to do it. like nothing. Very bad. I'm going to put it in a bowl. I'm not going to. Opened It's... I'm not going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to make friends. It's all about the food. It's a good day. I'm going to go. The head. He's the one who's gonna take it. The bank. It's a game. I'm not going to do it. The number. I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm going to do it. The product. Everything is real. So that's it. of the pocket. What do you have to do? I'm going to do it. It's good. It's a good thing. I'm going to take a look at this. I'm going to take a look at it. Or maybe not. I'm going to do it. Very smart. The Great Wall The water. The first one. People of the world. I have a lot of The car. It's a lot. I'm not. You're not going to be able to do that. You're going to have to I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to go. It's a little bit. The sound of the trumpet. At the very least. I'm going to eat. It's for you. It's a little bit of a stretch. How does it feel? I said... The first one. The first one. I'm going to do it. I'm going to take a look at this. I'm going to buy it. I'm not sure. What's wrong? The first one. Cooking I mean, really. It's like, The first one. That's it. With meat. What's up? But It's a good thing. It's blue. You know what? So who? And he said, The first one. The first one. What's the matter? It's a good thing. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. It's not. That one. It's... I'm going to go. The first one. I'm going to do it. It's not like that. Mixed with salt I'm going to throw it away. I'm going to do it. The egg.

# 500ms overlap 100ms
# The first one. Shut up. It's a good thing. What's up? It's a little bit of a stretch. The food. What's up? Oh, my God. It's... I'm going to do it. It's delicious. The second. The first one. The first one. The first one. Brother I'm not sure. The country. I'm not. The first one. The first one. I'm going to put it in a bowl. The house is... I'm not going to do it. The city. The first one. I'm going to eat it. and I'm going to beat you. I'm going to go. I'm going to do it. It's... The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. I'm going to do it. It's not. I'm going to do it. The coffee. What happens? It's a little... I hope so. It's hot. It's... The first one. I'm going to do it. Yes, that's right. I'm not going to do it. I'm going to go. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The first one. The way. I'm going to... The first one. It's a It's a lot of people. It's not. It's a big one. I got it. I'm going to go. The first one. The first one. The first one. It's the moon. It's a good thing. Everyone, please. Including you. I'm not going to do it. It's a little bit. It's a good thing. The divorce. I'm going to do it. I'm going to put it in. I'm going to take a look at this. It's... The first one. Before It's all right. I'll eat it. What's the matter? Thank you. I'm going to have to ask you. It's not me. The one who's going to be the one to do it. You're going to have to I'm not going to do it. I'm afraid. I'm going to the canal. They're getting on. I'm going to do it. I'm not a ball. It's time. Bye for now. I'm not going to lie to you. The first one. The first one. Oh, what? From the top. It's not like I'm going to be able to do it. It's a lot. It's all hard. I'm going to do it. I'm on the phone. I'm not going to do that. I'm going to take a look at this. It's a little. The more you eat, the better. We have to. The Great Wall of China What's the phone? I'm going to take a look at this. I'm not. The first one. It's okay. I'm going to go with you. of the car. You're not. It's all there. It's a good thing. What's up? The first one. I'm going to do it. I'm going to go with the "A" in the middle. I'm going to go. But It's a good thing. food I'm not going to do that. You look at it. The house. It's all the same. There's a place. I'm going to take a shower. I'm not. The first one. Both of them. He's confused I'm going to go. I'm going to send you I'm scared. The first one. I'm going to do it. It's a shirt. The year itself. I will. You The first one. I'm going to take a look at this. I'm not going to lie to you. The root. The palace. It's a place. It's a girl. The first one. What are you doing? The first one? I'm going to go. I'm going to put it in a bowl. Thank you very much. I'm going to the bar. I'm not. I'm going to take a look at this. The wedding cake. It's a good thing. The deliciousness. It's like salt. What's this? It's not. It's a good thing. It was. It's not like I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to do it. I'm not going to do it. It's a good thing. I'm not going to. I asked him. The doctor. I'm going to do it. It's a special class. It's all right. I'm going to go. It's the head. Open news It's a game. I'm going to do it. I'm going to put it in a bag. I'm going to do it. What's wrong with you? I'm going to put it in. Everything is real. The one in the middle. I'm going to put it in the fridge. I'm going to do it. Bye, then. The cow. I'm going to take a look at it. Or you can drop it. Enjoying Life The Great Wall water I'm going to open it. I have a lot of It's a good one. It's not. You're not going to be able to do that. It's on the... I'm going to put it in. It's a little bit. I'm going to ask you a question. It's good. It's for you. It's also gone. You can't. The first one. The first one. The next one. I'm going to buy it. Lord of the worlds. I'm going to do it. Cooking It's the people. I'm going to do it. That's it. The flesh. I'm going to go. It's a good thing. He is You can't. And he said, Don't worry about it. I'm not going to do it. It's a good thing. I'm not going to lie to you. It's a good thing. That one. The first one. The first one. I'm going to do it. Because It's called a "pickle." I'm going to do it. I'm not.

# 1000ms overlap 100ms
# Good morning to you. It's... I'm going to... It's a little bit of a stretch. I'm going back. I'm going to go. I'm going to put it in a bowl. I was born in our country. I'm going to... I'm going to... The first step is to... I'm going to do it. I'm going to make a cake. I'll give you a canteen. The first one. The first one. Oh, not at all. I'm going to eat. I'm getting married. I'm not sure what I'm doing. I'm going to do it. The legs of the hand. The first one. [Singing] I'm going to put it in a little bit. There you go. But it's not. It's a big one. I'm going to... The first one. But it's hard. Two people, two people. in our country. There are four of them. - To look like a pig I see. before money I'm sorry about that. Thank God. The one who is being drunk. You have to take it. Take him with you. I'm not here. I'm going to say goodbye. I'm going to put it in a bowl. Get out of the truck. It's hard to get a job. It's not on the floor. I'm comfortable with it. It's a net increase. I'm going to take a look at it. I'll bring it to you. I'm going to take a look at it. I'm not going to do it. Everything is fine. I'm not going to lie to you. I'm going to take a look at it. I'm going to see. I'm going to eat. I'm going to the house. There's a place for both of us. I'm going to put it in. I'm with you. God's Word is the Word of God. My parents I'm going to the country. I'm not going to lie. I'm going to do it. I love you all. Because it's a place. You, you. That's it. The government. The man's condition is good. He was... I'm going to put some salt in it. I'm going to look at it. The Buddha. The refugee crisis. I'm going to take a look at it. I'm going to use a popper. I should have kept it. for everything. He's the one who's going to see it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to put it in a little bit. I mean, it's a lot of fun. I'm going to work. Because of the people. I'm going to send you a message. with water. I'm going to evacuate. I'm not staying. where you live. The easiest way. It's the United States. I'm not sure. I'm going to take a look at it. Thank God. Everything and everything. I'm going to do it. I'm going to go. You call me And the people who... I'm not going to lie to you. to put on shoes I'm not going to lie to you. You can see it. He called me a liar.

# 1000ms overlap 250ms
# Good morning to you. It's good. The captain. Oh my God! in the It's called "Mari". I'm going to go. The first one. I was born in a country The whole country. I'm going to go. I'm going to take a look. The first step is to... I'm not. It's a little bit of a stretch. I'm going to take this and this and this. I'm going to do it. The first one. The first one. I'm not sure. This is my leg. I got married. It's a thousand and one hundred. It's hot. I'm going to do it. It's the same thing. I'm going to do it. The first one. The first one. I'm going to do it. There you go. But the people... and the people The Great Wall The first one. [Singing] But it's hard. Including you. We are in our country. The country of Laos There are four people in the United States. to keep. I see. Before which I am Thank God. I'm going to... That's what they say. You have to take it. Take it with you. Come on over here. - I'll bring you two. - Bye. I'm going to go. I'm going to put a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. Get out of the truck. It's all about the words. It's not easy. I'm not going to lie to you. It's all right, man. The delivery of the net. I'm going to take a look at it. I'm going to take a shower. I'm not going to lie to you. I'm going to stay with my mother. I'm going to take a shower. All of it. I'm not going to lie to you. I'm going to take a look at it. He ate it. This food. I'm going to do my best. The house is a two-story house. There's a place for both of us. I'm going to sell it. I'm going to do it. by the Lord's grace. You send the water. That's it. I'm going to the country. For example, your work. I'm going to give you Who wants to come? I'm going to take you to the doctor. It's a place where... You, you. The best. I'm going to put it in the fridge. I'm going to the bathroom. In your situation. I'm going to... I'm going to put some salt in it. I'm not sure what to do. And then, The refugee. I'm going to take a shower. I'm going to the park. I'm going to use a popper. You shouldn't be. I'm going to raise you for everything. It's like a peach. or a friend. They don't have a number. I'm going to the bathroom. Everything is fine. I'm going to take a shower. How much do you have to work for? I'm going to say goodbye. Thanks be to God. I'm going to send you a message. I'm not a doctor. The refugees. I'm not going to do it. I remember where I was. I'm going to live in a house. The easiest way. It's a country. - To look like... I'm not sure. I'm going to take a look at it. God is all things. Everything and everything. In the toilet. Help me out here. He is a person. All of you. The fifth. I'm not going to lie to you. I'm going to take a shower. That one. I'm going to put it in a bowl. Thank God for that. I'm going to the bathroom.

# 5000ms overlap 1000ms
# Hi, my name is Mary. Mary was born in Laos. The village is located in the province of Shandong. But I've been married for a long time. You got married in 1958. There are eight children. Two of them are dead, six are still alive. Two in the United States, four in the United States, and one in the United States. First of all, I thank God for the guidance. I'll take you and your baby to a comfortable place. From the hardships, the difficulties, the hardships, to the comfort of the comfort of the comfort of the comfort of the comfort of the comfort of the comfort of the comfort. The grace of God has brought me to this place, and I am happy. Everything was fine, they ate. Food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food, food. Thanks to God, I have brought this country to America. Everyone wants to come here because it's the best place. Finally, the U.S. government took care of him. Take care of the refugees who came to live in the forest. He's got a lot of money, he's got a lot of money, he's got a lot of money. Young man, he cares for everything, everything is comfortable, thanks to you. Thank God for the grace of God to the refugees in the city. The most beautiful place to live in the United States is here. Thank God for everything that helps people. All the people who came to live in the United States. Thank God for the Father.
```

## Resources
- [Design Doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/155EiskCDYdqvbzwpPG5GcXiEnxpWDsT0kloSUkkpOM4/edit?usp=sharing)
